▪ PRESIDENT :
Meet Nandu
His work ethic is charismatic.
When times are hard, he is your wall,won't let you fall.
By dodging all the difficulties he eliminates all his haters and gains your trust.
Let us warn you, he's like pizza,loved by all.

▪ SECRETARY:
Nishad Rane

He can make getting out of the toughest and hardest situation a cake walk.
How can someone not fall for him when  he talk? 
With the temperament of Dhoni and consistency of Kohli he always finishes off in style! 
With his confidence he has to travel another mile
Meet our Secretary Nishad Rane

▪ LADIES REPRESENTATIVE:
Purva Desai
"Leadership is not a position or a title, it is action and example."
Receptive, humble and wise, pushes everyone to work beyond their potential.
she works efficiently and tirelessly to make the fest bigger than ever.
The diligent backbone of Pratishtha
Presenting the one and only, our Ladies Representative Purva Desai

Forum Patel
The aura around her makes you wanna go down on your knees,
The way her charm works is just awesome yet unique,
Naa samajhti apne aap ko kisi se kam,
 Yeh hai humari LR Forum!



▪ SPORTS REPRESENTATIVE:
Shikhar Jain
From the highest of highs ,
To the lowest lows,
Emotional rollercoaster that are sports,
Fair and just,Full of Integrity,
Hard working, Jolly Personality,

▪ CULTURAL REPRESENTATIVE:
Abhishek Sharma
Do it with passion or not at all,
This is the mantra he stands by,
With his incredible skills he does it all,
The die hard SRK fan, knows it all

▪ GENERAL COORDINATOR:
Manas Gokhale
Coordination is no child's play.
Here to slay, come what may.
Hamesha taiyyar, night ya day,
Gokhale, ..Manas Gokhale.

▪ CULTURAL COORDINATOR:
Manthan Shah
A sweet talker 
With a charismatic smile
He’ll go the extra mile in style
He acts and raps
While the audience claps


▪ SPORTS COORDINATOR:
Usham Singh Sabrawal
his self believe always earns him success
when you hear him playing guitar you will forget all your stress
with him your sorrow will divide and happiness will double
our sports coordinator is always ready to get you out of trouble

Ansh Ved
We won't be running short
because he holds the fort
All the lost ships will return to the port
when Ansh Ved is on the court


▪ ATHLETICS COORDINATOR: 
Dishant Vakte
He helps everyone with a smile on face,
And rarely complains about anything!
He is responsible for all the organised chaos you come across 
that turns into a fan experience.
FIT,FAST & FUN,he does complete justice to these words


Rushabh Vora
Athletics coordinate karne ki responsibility hai jiske sir par.....
Athletics ka chakra chale jiske dum par
Kaam se legend or dil ka jo hai sweet chhora...
Our most dearest Rushab Vora

▪ ON STAGE HEAD:
Akash Kotak
The serious face is just a facade
Sometimes a  little forgetful 
But mostly he is playful
The lame jokes still has everyone cracking up
with his leadership qualities you will be blownup


▪ ON STAGE COORDINATOR: 
Mohit Bhanushali
With an innocent face and mischievous charm...
If he is on stage he will make the stage hot and warm....
The sweet and sour part of the council...
Badhaye On stage ki hariyali...
The solid tough charming MOHIT BHANUSHALI

Harshit Singhvi
Completes his work on time
He is seen on stage with a cheerful smile
Efforts is his middle name
his future is success and fame
Providing the platform to showcase our talents
By accepting all the challenges


▪ OFF STAGE HEAD:
Pranita Rao
Her team looks up to her because of her passion towards her work
The person who doesn't know the meaning of awkward
The moment she passes what escapes your mouth is wow
Meet our Off stage head, Pranita Rao

▪ OFF STAGE COORDINATOR:
Shaili Shah
The back bone of everything off the stage...
She is the tigress of jungle n not of cage...
This boss lady's personality is soo wow and wahh...
She is non other then our Off stage coordinator SHAILI SHAH


▪ TECHNICAL HEAD:
Shivam Chaube
solder guns and screwdrivers are his weapons
His hardworking ability is an exception
Dedicated to his work 
Having shivam chaube as technical head is a delightful perk


▪ TECHNICAL COORDINATOR:
Aditya Iyer
Pubg ka god ; sakec ka bod ,
Lifts the tech team up a shot,
Not the one to back off,
Our beloved technical coordinator is a total pop!

Amit Bhosale
Firm with a temperate will,
Endurance, foresight, strength and skill,
Helping everyone is a part of his daily drill,
Our technical coordinator works his way through the mill.

Shekhar Jain
Chhota packet bada dhamaka 
Takniki kaamo mein milta hai isko chaska
While working you will never see him rest
Isn't our technical co-head bestest of the best!


▪ PUBLICITY HEAD:
Aayush Trivedi
To publicise our events he goes an extra mile
Loaded with a cute smile
You will receive all the information immediately
Just because of our publicity head Ayush Trivedi


▪ PUBLICITY COORDINATOR:
Bhavik Jain
For your event you will get his full support
The crazy potterhead always talks about Hogwarts
Publicity coordinatior Bhavik jain is  full of life 
Which Cuts through the awkwardness like a knife


▪ SOCIAL MEDIA HEAD:
Manan Bhanushali
The one who loves to work off a screen
Nuclues invests it's faith in this adorable chubby guy
He has great strategic planning for it's social media handles
A simple fellow with a simple life 
Just wants to make sure that the event reaches the lime light


▪ WEBMASTER:
Bhavya Haria
Code karne me blaster....
Yeh na ho toh website lage jaise disaster...
Apna ek hi webmaster....
Dil jaise ho samandar -e- daria
Naam uska BHAVYA HARIA


▪ TREASURER:
Nishi Shah
Sweet personality and excellent speaker,
Bet you haven't met such a dope executor
Meet humare college ki Munshi, sabki pyaari Nishii!


▪ CO-TREASURER:
Shivani Mehta
Try try till you die,
You cannot negotiate with this Deal breaker even if you cry,
Jiski itni madhur hai Vani, woh hai humari Shivani!

▪ CREATIVITY HEAD:
Krish Doshi
His art attracts people passing by,
Hardwork,Productive, are the words he lives by
Brings crazy idea to life with his vision,
Jiska aandaz hai thora hatke,
Kalakar jo Pratistha  ko aakar de,krish doshi


▪ CREATIVITY COORDINATOR:
Hetvi Thanki
Hardworking and bright ,
With a captivating smile,
Melting your problems with a upward flight ,
Our creativity coordinator transforms everything with style.


▪ PAPARAZZI HEAD:
Rushikesh Palande
“Bhaiye ek  photu please “  
Focus me uske har ek frame
Har event ki ronak badhaye
The one with magical powers,
With a click he freezes the moment,
The reason for that cheesy smile, Rushikesh Palande

▪ PAPARAZZI COORDINATOR:
Jaimin Desai
Photography is something that he lives for,
That perfect click is what he strives for.
An artist who paints the camera film with his vision
Presenting you Jaimin Desai
Pap Co-head, with a vision

Rudra Patel
From shutterbug to paparazzi
His journey was a piece of cake for him,
With his quick wit and sharp focus,
He'll capture some of your best moment's making them feel like a film!
 Presenting our paparazzi head Rudra Patel!


▪ LOGISTICS HEAD:
Rahul Gupte
Enthusiastic and zealous logistician.
Helping the team with each and every requirement
His perfection level is 100 percent
Our logistic Head who knows the way,
goes the way and shows the way.
He is Rahul Gupte


▪ LOGISTICS COORDINATOR:
Rajvi Doshi
This introvert turned extrovert ,urges every introvert to explore the darker side
Our logistic head has worked in almost all the teams
works hard to live her dream
A charismatic person who is always there when you need
Makes things simple and towards the right path she leads


▪ VFX AND GRAPHICS HEAD:
Abhishekh Subramaniam
Tall, Dark and Strong just as his taste in coffee and humour.
Our Graphics Head’s Designs will give you space’s tour on his computer.
This Tarantino Fan’s dedication is such that he can avoid looking Pulp Fiction Poster and choose designing for Pratishtha instead!
Introducing the One man army 
Abhishek Subramaniam


▪ INFRA HEAD:
Rushabh Gada
from managing the croud to arranging tables
you will always find him sticking to his timetable
He will do all your tasks with smile on his face
Before and after fest , you will find all things in place

▪ SECURITY HEAD:
Meet Shah
Pre and Post the fest he stays awake at nights,
Completing his work till midnight, so no one faces blight,
Always there for anyone so everyone can have a fest safe and bright!
Security sounds an easy job but it isn't, all thanks to meet!


▪ Public Relations Officer:
Ishan Lokhande
"Hota sabke pass hai... Par deta koi nahi.."
But that's not what happens with when our PRO is pitching ..
With his dashing style, witty sense of humor and cute smile
He can get sponsors by our side.